Riding Sick Father
The First Prince of the Returning Thief has arrived
Chen Jingzhe, you beast
I'm really blind
So many years
By my side like you white-eyed wolf
If you hadn't been biased 13
How did this happen?
I am biased on talent on courage
On conspiracy
Which one of you is better than 13?
Father Emperor
Choose?
You want to protect your people
It's still your favorite 13.
What happened to the father
Father Emperor
I can't seem to open my mouth.
Thirteenth brother, let me tell you
Just a quarter of an hour ago
Tianzhu captured Daqian Linzhou City
Now there are only two paths before the father
Or kill me
Massacre or
Let me go!
I take you away
Father, what is there to hesitate about?
Just let me go.
Your Highness
Your Majesty, His Highness the Thirteenth is innocent
He can't go.
Your Majesty
I wish to go to God with His Highness the Thirteenth